gh-143052: add exist_ok in copy_info func, allow merge same dir (#143058)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. method:: Path.copy_into(target_dir, *, exist_ok=True, follow_symlinks=True, \
                           preserve_metadata=False)

   Copy this file or directory tree into the given *target_dir*, which should
   be an existing directory. If *exist_ok* is true (the default), copying a file
   overwrites an existing file with the same name and copying a directory merges
   its contents into an existing directory with the same name. If *exist_ok* is
   false, :exc:`FileExistsError` is raised if *target_dir* already contains an
   entry with the same name as the source. Other arguments are handled identically
   to :meth:`Path.copy`. Returns a new :class:`!Path` instance pointing to the
   copy.

>    .. versionadded:: 3.14

Reviewer: We need to add a `.. versionchanged:: next` directive with a brief summary of this change here. See other code with this directive as an example.

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. method:: Path.copy_into(target_dir, *, exist_ok=True, follow_symlinks=True, \
                           preserve_metadata=False)

   Copy this file or directory tree into the given *target_dir*, which should
   be an existing directory. If *exist_ok* is true (the default), copying a file
   overwrites an existing file with the same name and copying a directory merges
   its contents into an existing directory with the same name. If *exist_ok* is
   false, :exc:`FileExistsError` is raised if *target_dir* already contains an
   entry with the same name as the source. Other arguments are handled identically
   to :meth:`Path.copy`. Returns a new :class:`!Path` instance pointing to the
   copy.

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

   .. versionchanged:: 3.15

>       Added exist_ok argument to allow copy duplicate directory

Reviewer: You can use `next` directly here, it will be replace to the next version in the release process. But using `3.15` is also acceptable so you can keep it.

Please note the difference between `parameter` and `argument`.
 
```suggestion
      The *exist_ok* parameter is added to allow copying duplicate directories.
```
